Today's goal: Get MA702 abstraction up and running.

- Going back and forth on whether the SPI peripheral should be configured within the MA702 or by
  the driver itself
- Man, Rust _really_ makes you think about ownership and lifetimes. That's A Good Thing
  - I was thinking I could just get a reference to the `DMA1` peripheral and keep it in the MA702 so that I could stop it after starting it
  - But Rust began yelling at me that it outlived its scope... and it was right!
  - In the Controller, I'm using the Typestate pattern to ensure that only certain methods can be called on it at any given time. When going from `Controller<Init>` to `Controller<Ready>`, I was doing something like this:
    ```rust
    pub fn configure_peripherals(self) -> Controller<Ready> {
        let ma702 = ma702::new(self.mode_state.spi1)
            .configure_spi()
            .begin_stream(&self.mode_state.dma1, &self.mode_state.dmamux);
        // ...snip...
        let new_self = Controller {
            mode_state: Ready { ma702 },
        };
        new_self
    }
    ```
  - If you look carefully, you'll notice that the `ma702` gets a reference to `self.mode_state.dma1`. That reference holds all the way until the return statement, but _then it's dropped!_
  - Why? Because of the combination of three things:
    1. We're creating a new Controller object that takes ownership of anything it's given
    2. The new controller only references the `ma702` object, which is kept alive
    3. The original `Controller` is `Drop`'d, along with everything inside that we didn't transfer.
  - During #2, Rust keeps track of the reference the `ma702` has and keeps it alive during the transfer, but _the `dma1` object within `self.mode_state` gets dropped by #3!_ How can it maintain a reference to something that's dropped?!
  - There are a few potential solutions:
    - Remove the reference kept in MA702
      - Easy way out; took this route for now :sweat_smile:
    - Transfer ownership of `DMA1` to the MA702
      - Okay for now, but would prevent anyone else from doing anything with that DMA
    - Transfer the ownership of the DMA into the new Controller to keep it - and anything that references it - alive
      - A bit more appropriate
    - Split the `DMA1` controller into individual `DmaStream`s that own their respective registers.
      - Best approach in the long run, but haven't had the need for more than one or two DMA streams, so that's an optimization for down the road.

- Onto DRV8323
 - Enable pin works
 - Clock seems to work, but nothing else...? Gotta double-check those GPIO pins...
 - MOSI works now... accidentally `&`'d together bits instead of `|` /shamecube.gif
